Add example implementations for compatible MCUs list (#15935)
qmk/qmk_firmware: docs/compatible_microcontrollers.md

# Compatible Microcontrollers

> QMK runs on any USB-capable AVR or ARM microcontroller with enough flash space - generally 32kB or more for AVR, though it will *just* squeeze into 16kB with most features disabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
QMK runs on any USB-capable AVR or ARM microcontroller with enough flash space - generally 32kB+ for AVR, and 64kB+ for ARM. With significant disabling of features, QMK may *just* squeeze into 16kB AVR MCUs.
```
